fix(5.0.0): nitpicking and suggestions regarding `on-demand-rendering.mdx` (#9673)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/on-demand-rendering.mdx

The following example shows opting out of prerendering in order to display a random number each time the endpoint is hit:

> ```js title="src/pages/randomnumber.js" ins={1}

Author: nit: The previous example use `ins={2}`, shouldn't we use the same visual information here? (or the other way around... not covered by my suggestion)

```
### `'server'` mode

For a **highly dynamic app**, after adding an adapter, [set your build output configuration to `output: 'server'`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#output) to **server-render all your pages by default**. This is the equivalent of opting out of prerendering on every page.

Then, if needed, you can choose to prerender any individual pages that do not require a server to execute, such as a privacy policy or about page.

> ```astro title="src/pages/about-my-app.astro" {2}

Author: Same concern here about the highlighting. The next example uses "highlighting" but we don't use it here. Maybe we should use `ins` here and in the next example too? (I just updated from the next example)

Reviewer: Sure, let's make them all `ins`!

> ```astro title="src/pages/about-my-app.astro" {2}

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
```astro title="src/pages/about-my-app.astro" ins={2}
``````

[`Astro.response`](/en/reference/api-reference/#astroresponse) is a standard [`ResponseInit`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response/Response#options) object. It can be used to set the response status and headers.

The example below sets a response status and status text for a product page when the product does not exist:

> ```astro title="src/pages/product/[id].astro" {10,11}

Author: From my understanding, `Astro.params` only works with path segments (e.g. `[id]`).

Reviewer: Sorry, where would you place this example?

Author: To avoid any confusion I am talking about [the example in the section `Astro.params`](https://5-0-0-beta.docs.astro.build/en/reference/api-reference/#astroparams).
Sorry, I didn't detail as it's not related to this PR, it's just by checking `Astro.params` that I thought the location of the example seemed strange.
The example shows the use of `getStaticPaths` which is usable with static builds while the sentence just above talks about SSR builds. So what would seem more logical to me would be between the two sentences (`In static builds,...` > `getStaticPaths` example > `In SSR builds, ...`).
But thinking back, I guess that was to avoid isolating the "SSR builds" sentence.

Author: I almost forgot about this comment, sorry. Yes I think it would be useful to show both uses here. 💯  I'm going to prepare a PR.

The example below returns a 404 on a dynamic page after looking up an ID in the database:

> ```astro title="src/pages/product/[id].astro" {10-13}

Author: I only updated because that's the path I had used before... it wasn't really a problem, just a matter of consistency.

</html>
```

#### Redirect to another page

Instead of returning a `Response` object, you can also redirect the user to another page using `Astro.redirect`:

```astro title="src/pages/product/[id].astro" {10}
---
export const prerender = false; // Not needed in 'server' mode

import { getProduct } from '../api';

const product = await getProduct(Astro.params.id);

// No product found
if (!product) {
  return Astro.redirect('/404', 404);
}
---
<html>
  <!-- Page here... -->
</html>
```

> 

Author: I'm not sure about this suggestion, that's why I made a separate commit. Since we present the different possible `Response` formats with on demand rendering, I thought that `Astro.redirect` also has its place here. Especially since the second parameter is only applicable with on demand rendering. On the other hand, this is perhaps not the best example... I took the one above.

Reviewer 2: Doesn't returning a 404 response automatically navigate them to the 404 page anyway?

I'm not 100% sure here

Author: Yes I think so too... that's why I said it might not be the best example. I did think of a 301, but I was looking for an example without making it too complicated; it didn't come to me at the time. I'll think about it! (well probably tomorrow, it's getting late for me ^^)

Author: A quick idea that came to me: (I also added a link to `Astro.redirect` reference)
````suggestion
#### Redirect to another page

Instead of returning a `Response` object, you can also redirect the user to another page using [Astro.redirect](/en/reference/api-reference/#astroredirect):

```astro title="src/pages/product/[id].astro" {10}
---
export const prerender = false; // Not needed in 'server' mode

import { UNRENEWED_PRODUCTS } from '../constants';
import { getProduct } from '../api';

const product = await getProduct(Astro.params.id);

// The product no longer exists
if (UNRENEWED_PRODUCTS.includes(product)) {
  return Astro.redirect('/products', 301);
}
---
<html>
  <!-- Page here... -->
</html>
```

````

Reviewer 2: What about just modifying the existing example slightly?

```ts
---
export const prerender = false; // Not needed in 'server' mode

import { getProduct } from '../api';

const product = await getProduct(Astro.params.id);

// No product found
if (!product) {
  Astro.response.status = 404;
  Astro.response.statusText = 'Not found';
  // Or redirect the user to another page
  return Astro.redirect('/products', 301);
}
---
<html>
  <!-- Page here... -->
</html>
```

Author: I think you're right, there's no need to add a new section! However, it seems to me that we always propose valid examples so we need another `if` for the code to be valid. I'm going to post a new commit with a new proposal for the ``Return a `Response` object`` section.
